Podman commands in chapters 2 to 6 (#85)
hsf-training/hsf-training-docker: _episodes/02-pulling-images.md

- "List local images"
- "Introduce image tags"
keypoints:
- "Pull images with `podman pull <image-id>`"
- "List all images on the computer and other information with `podman images`"

> - "Image tags distinguish releases or version and are appended to the image name with a colon"

Reviewer: The key points don't seem to appear on the page...?

Author: They are shown at the bottom 
<img width="1237" alt="image" src="https://github.com/hsf-training/hsf-training-docker/assets/2147367/a453197a-c118-4162-90b6-60c37d51957b">

Reviewer: oh, yes, so sorry

image registry allows the same for Docker images.
Hosting images is [free for public repositories][docker-hub-billing] and
allows for downloading images as they are needed.

Additionally, through integrations with GitHub and Bitbucket, Docker Hub repositories can
be linked against Git repositories so that
[automated builds of Dockerfiles on Docker Hub][docker-hub-builds] will be triggered by

> pushes to repositories. However, at this moment enabling such a feature requires a Pro (paid) account.

Reviewer 2: ```
a Pro (paid) account or joining the [Docker-Sponsored Open Source Program](https://www.docker.com/community/open-source/application/).
```

There are other ways of doing this, such as using GitLab/GitHub CI/CD, but that's beyond the scope of this training module.

> ## Docker Hub and Podman
>
> Both Docker and Podman use OCI (Open Container Initiative) compliant images, so you can use the same images with both tools.
> It means Podman can pull and run images from Docker Hub.
>

> > By default, Podman pull pulls an image from Docker Hub if a registry is not specified in the command line argument.

Reviewer 2: ```
By default, `podman pull` pulls an image
```

{: .callout}

# Pulling Images

To begin with we're going to [pull][podman-docs-pull] down the image we're going

> to be working in for the tutorial (note: if you did all the docker pulls in the setup instructions, this image will already be on your machine, in which case docker should notice it's there and not attempt to re-pull it unless it's changed in the meantime):

Reviewer: "docker" -> "podman"

~~~
{: .output}

Check the documentation on [pull][podman-docs-pull] and [images][podman-docs-images] for more information on these commands.

> ## Pulling Python
>

> > Pull the image python3.7-slim for Python 3.7 and then list all `python` images on your computer.

Reviewer 2: Python 3.7 is deprecated. Use at least 3.8, better 3.9.

Author: Using `python:3.9-slim` in the exercise. Adding a question about what `'slim'` means.

~~~
{: .output}

Check the documentation on [pull][podman-docs-pull] and [images][podman-docs-images] for more information on these commands.

> ## Pulling Python
>
> Pull the image python:3.9-slim for Python 3.9 and then list all `python` images on your computer.
>
> See [the Python Official Images][docker-hub-python] to find the available tags and

> > read about the image variants. What `'slim'` means?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Browse [the official Python images][docker-hub-python] to find available tags and
> read about image variants. What does `-slim` mean?
```
